feat: Editorial review for Shared Storage API docs (#30427)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/workletsharedstorage/length/index.md

---
title: "WorkletSharedStorage: length() method"
short-title: length()
slug: Web/API/WorkletSharedStorage/length
page-type: web-api-instance-method
status:
  - experimental
browser-compat: api.WorkletSharedStorage.length
---

{{APIRef("Shared Storage API")}}{{SeeCompatTable}}

The **`length()`** method of the
{{domxref("WorkletSharedStorage")}} interface returns the number of entries currently stored in shared storage for the current origin.

## Syntax

```js-nolint
length()
```

### Parameters

None.

### Return value

> A {{jsxref("Promise")}} that fulfills with a number representing the number of key/value pairs currently in shared storage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A {{jsxref("Promise")}} that fulfills with a number, which represents the total count of key-value pairs currently in the shared storage.
```
